Amend version policy docs (#6541)
plone/volto: docs/source/_inc/_branch-policy.md

    If the pull request is a feature or a bugfix, and if the release manager deems it useful to the latest version's branch, they may ask you to backport it to that branch.

`18.x.x`

> :   `18.x.x` is the current stable and actively developed branch in git.

Author: Are you referring if it would be LTS as well? We decided kind of "drop" the term. 
In fact, in  https://plone.org/download/release-schedule there is no mention at all of it.
But yes, let me amend it to reflect it.

> :   `18.x.x` is the current stable and actively developed branch in git.

Author: @stevepiercy I just updated it, please take a look.

> :   `18.x.x` is the current stable and actively developed branch in git.

Reviewer: This one looks good.

    Upon the final release of version `19.0.0`, the `18.x.x` branch line will be no longer supported.
    Any new feature will be merged into the `main` branch, and only backported to and released in older versions, if the Volto Team approves it.

`17.x.x`

> :   `17.x.x` is no longer supported and became legacy when Volto 18 was released.

Author: It's not mandatory to upgrade. It can get some updates, if people still care for it, and the Volto Team approve them.

> :   `17.x.x` is no longer supported and became legacy when Volto 18 was released.

Reviewer 2: @sneridagh Steve's right, if we're saying it's no longer supported, we need to give some advice on how to move forward.

It's possible to upgrade to Volto 18 (i.e. by generating a new cookieplone project and moving your custom code over) without updating the backend to Plone 6.1.

> :   `17.x.x` is no longer supported and became legacy when Volto 18 was released.

Reviewer: I edited my suggestion to adapt to the new "legacy" term.

    If the pull request is a feature or a bugfix, and if the release manager deems it useful to the latest version's branch, they may ask you to backport it to that branch.

`18.x.x`
:   `18.x.x` is the current stable and actively developed branch in git.
    This version of Volto has the [same maintenance and support schedule as Plone 6.1](https://plone.org/download/release-schedule).
    Any new feature will be merged into the `main` branch, and only backported to and released in older versions, if the Volto Team approves it.

`17.x.x`
:   `17.x.x` is no longer supported and became legacy when Volto 18 was released.
    It won't receive any bug fixes nor security updates.
    It is recommended that you update to 18.x.x.

>     If you need a bug fix or security update for this version, please submit a pull request, and the Volto Team will review it to determine whether it's suitable to merge.

Reviewer 2: This seems to contradict line 41.

Author: I'm adding a "legacy" entry at the top of the document to clarify it.

Reviewer: We shouldn't tell people to submit security issues or pull requests publicly. It should go through security@plone.org, unless I'm totally off about that. True story, I once got slapped for creating an issue stating that a Plone repo's primary branch lacked branch protection, even though it was stated publicly on the repo's home page.

Also I think we should tell people to create an issue to discuss a bug fix with the Volto Team before doing any work with a pull request.

```suggestion
    If you need a bug fix, please create an issue to discuss with the Volto Team.
    For security issues, please contact the Plone Security Team by sending email to security@plone.org.
```
